hey guys written here for Windows
central we're in Taipei at Computex with
Asus and this is their new transformer
like it's one of their first products
that they've announced that's actually
going to launch with Windows 10
pre-installed so it's obviously we know
Windows 10 is now gonna launch on July
29th we expect to see this from August
and it's kind of a traditional
traditional design to anybody who's ever
seen an Asus Transformer book before so
the meat of the device is this tablet we
also have a keyboard dock and before as
well it's a little bit tricky here and
sell their devices and then dock them
together and you've got a notebook type
experience as you can see this one's
gonna lovely shade of pink and then it
just falls apart like that so apparently
there is no actual battery or anything
in this it is literally just a keyboard
that's remarkable for one in particular
reason and that's that asus is claiming
14 hours of battery life from this so
specs wise we're running the intel
afternoon cherry trail x5 super
mentioned it's going to come to market
with Windows 10 it's a 10.1 inch display
1280 by 800 so it's not full HD but it
still looks pretty good so pretty sharp
32 64 128 gigs of emmc storage 2
megapixel front camera 5 megapixel rear
camera and obviously that up to 14 hours
of battery life so it's it it's not the
highest at the high end and it's
currently running one of the preview
builds of Windows 10 so there's nothing
to show you on the on the software
unfortunately it's actually an older
build than many of you will have on your
your current devices but you know it's
nice to see we're starting to get the
Windows 10 launch Hardware announced and
it's great to see a singsong voice there
we go is a quick look at the Asus
Transformer book t100
8a here in Taipei thanks for watching
you